So, we can see here from the result,
it was able to find a number of files.
Some of them we already know of.
Now the favicon is just an icon.
Footer and header, these are probably only style files.
Index is the index that we see usually,
so it's all right.
Login, we can see that we discovered a page
that allows people to login.
Now, in many scenarios I was able to find username
and password of our target,
exploiting a really complex exploit.
And then ending up not being able to login
'cause I couldn't find where to login.
So tools like this could be very useful.
And here we can see that we have a login page
that we can use to login.
Page not found, not very useful.
You can see the PHP info file.
Now this file is usually very, very useful,
because it displays a lot of information about
the PHP interpreter running on the web server.
And as you can see, this file contains
a lot of information.
A lot of them are useful now.
You get to know some of the directories.
You know that it's running PHP 5.
The configuration is stored in this file.
INI files is usually the config files for PHPs.
So you can see all the places where they're stored.
And going down you'll see all
the permissions, the installed.
We can see here it has MySQL.
So it's using MySQL.
And you can see the directories where different types
of configurations are stored.
You can also see all the modules
and extensions that are being used with PHP.
So this file is usually very, very useful.
You can see we managed to find
where the phpMyAdmin login is,
and that's basically the login that's used
to login to the database.
Another very useful file is the robots.txt.
And that is the file that tells search engines,
such as Google, how to deal with the website.
So it usually contains files that
we don't want the website or Google
to see or to read.
So if we can read that file,
then we'll be able to see what
the web admin is trying to hide.
So go in in here, we can see that
the web admin doesn't want Google
to see a directory called passwords.
Okay, and it also doesn't want it to see
a file called config.inc.
And it also doesn't want it see these other files.
So let's have a look on the passwords
and the config.inc as examples.
So I'm just going to open a new tab,
and we're going to put our address like so.
So it's the current directory and
then we just put passwords after.
In that we can see that there's a file called accounts.txt.
And going here, we can see that
we got some usernames and passwords.
So we can see there is admin, adminPass.
We can see that we have a password
as Adrian and some password.
So we managed to find usernames and passwords.
Now we're still not sure what
these usernames and passwords for,
but we're sure that we were able
to find very useful stuff.
Another useful file is the config.inc.
So let's see what's in that.
And from here we can see that we have information
that allows to connect
to the database, because these are saying
dbhouse, dbuser, dbpass, and name.
So we can see that the username is root
and the password is blank.
So we can go ahead and try to connect
to the database, based on these commands,
and then we should be able to get access to that database.
Also, using these passwords, we're still
not sure what we can use them for,
but we can add them to a list,
try to login to the admin.
Or just store them in a list so
that we can use it if we're going
to do any brute force attack.
So then again, this is another video
that just shows how important
and powerful information gathering can be.